and here I bring you my first gta video
5 and good as I have seen there has already been
many videos of many curiosities
here to retract one of the ones that has most
called friend attention that is a
triathlon the truth is that it is very curious
I put the new things that they have put and
I liked it
very much is to say that I have already made one
but between that I did not know very well the
buttons and I did not hear much about the
I arrived a lot and I was very
bad so I 'm going to repeat what I'm going to
try to get there first I already know how
the resistance works which is what
most important in this test so
nothing
we started swimming after bicycle and
then to run I take the character
older than the game of the three that
you can select so I do not know how
I think it does not have much
resistance but good I think I can
win
warm up and see if the bar and down to the
right to have resistance position and
then the quick time later on nothing and
then we keep it to the limit
the rival already you see that if you put a little
close you can push him not in fact to
Real post but good has already
removed a rival I will try to hold
here the swimming that is where you most
tires I believe then to the bike the truth
is that pretty quiet is almost what
you can drop down the slopes and that
you have to control a bit the
direction but swimming tires
very much and arrived it arrives quite
burst the character in the room
fourth is fine I think that among the
first five is fine that I do not go
being far behind that does not escape
no one of course if it does not give me day and
I do not have time to get there
but with them also by the way there is a
button I've seen before that if you get to the
circle and leave it for a while pressed you
it puts like a kind of aerial camera
from a helicopter that is as if from
television was broadcasting I'm going to
try now because he was very cool
but before I tried and it has arrived
enough because you do not change your view
You do not start to see it as not diagonally
the front view you're seeing
now and then it means faster
joystick and you can take enough
you have to be careful if you try it
because I have already arrived enough come
third is fine I have a lot of bar
still energy that's fine
although also what tires a lot is the
race look there you see how I twisted
a little good you could have seen some
seconds later I put it in the race
which is quite easier for you
ye see and you have to be very careful
because people are running around the
bikes and take the first one that itches
so as you are not careful, you
they can remove in the face and you have to
waste a lot of time look at another rival that
It has taken away from me well, well, I 've already
removed 2
let's go
it's not that it was dominated
to god of 208 you run out of bike look for yourself
the life that I keep yours comes
come come now as I say very
quiet that does not waste much energy the
bicycle that is not needed here
you have to be careful with the curves and
Not to leave you
and quietly quiet
simple in the rhythm and third right now
third is fine I go with one in front
that you are guiding me that is very good
also because it is not traveled to me like that
I'm going out where I have to go as
michael yourself
on the rise to the right I think now
right again again be careful with the
lamppost that gives me as you remember another
normal mother looks like I've risked
that the danger I have and I think they are
two or three more curves and I have to run
so I'm going to save energies that are not
be very tired that the race is what
what else cause by difference I think
in the final stretch with the resistance very
low and it keeps you down lives and not
then where are you going do not pass me
no one else can not pass me anymore
one more than if we would not give and these that
they are waiting here that well thanks
thank you very much for waiting for me
to see if I can win I go first now
he put me first after I
they will wait but I do not think
what disgust of controls looks look like me
he said look how I put myself a while
It's beautiful the truth is that that
camera is beautiful but always in
lyon the controls are gone and I finished
standing something like that we're not going
to accelerate that is approaching
very much one behind is not much left
what career do I think is the rise
until the end and then left as well
I'm not going to fool comes to
win to have been pocket I have it
pretty good lose control is this
to be pressing the button all the time
he had always looked at me no no 11 11 11
has the improvement of the end do not fuck let's go
come on you have to carry straight end of
final straight final line is not the
Left curve with a left
just come on let's go I have it I have it
I have done it, it has no residence
per I hope you can hold 666 666 yes
good well good good to second of
finally got finally I get
to second
He gave me a way that he can not even ccoo
noses good this has been everything I hope
that you liked it and it's good bye